Update the Key Vault index pages on docs.microsoft.com for python (#638)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-sdk-python: docs-ref-services/key-vault-index.md

|    azure-keyvault-certificates   |    [Reference](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/python/azure-keyvault-certificates/4.1.0/azure.keyvault.certificates.html)    |    [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/azure-keyvault-certificates/)    |    [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-certificates)    |
|    azure-keyvault-keys    |    [Reference](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/python/azure-keyvault-keys/4.1.0/azure.keyvault.keys.html)    |    [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/azure-keyvault-keys/)    |    [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-keys)    |
|    azure-keyvault-secrets    |    [Reference](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/python/azure-keyvault-secrets/4.1.0/azure.keyvault.secrets.html)    |    [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/azure-keyvault-secrets/)    |    [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-secrets)    |

### Version 1.x.x

> The source code for the Azure Key Vault client libraries for Python is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault).

Reviewer: `azure-keyvault` isn't in the master branch anymore. This is the code of its last release:
```suggestion
The source code for the Azure Key Vault client libraries for Python is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/azure-keyvault_1.1.0/azure-keyvault).
```
